Isolate eBPF store APIs into atomic km & um libraries. (#2690)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/eBpfExtensions.md

`ebpf_return_type_t` enums.

### 2.7 Registering Program Types and Attach Types - eBPF Store
The eBPF Execution Context loads an eBPF program from an ELF file that has program section(s) with section names. The
prefix to these names determines the program type. For example, the section name `"xdp"` implies that the corresponding
program type is `EBPF_PROGRAM_TYPE_XDP`.

The *Execution Context* discovers the program type associated with a section prefix by reading the data from the ***"eBPF store"***, which is currently kept in the Windows registry.
When an eBPF extension is installed, it must update the eBPF store with the program types it implements along with the associated section prefixes.

To operate on the eBPF store, the extension must link the `\lib\ebpf_store_helper_km.lib` kernel-mode library and include the related `\include\ebpf_store_helper.h` header file, both distributed within the [eBPF for Windows NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/eBPF-for-Windows/). With these, the extension can use the following APIs to register program types, attach types and helper functions:

> - `ebpf_store_update_helper_prototype`: updates the provider prototype information in the eBPF store, given a pointer to the store key to be initialized and a pointer to the helper function prototype (i.e., `_ebpf_helper_function_prototype`):

Author: Updated.

    ```c
    ebpf_result_t
    ebpf_store_update_helper_prototype(
        ebpf_store_key_t helper_info_key, _In_ const ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t* helper_info);
    ```c
    ```

- `ebpf_store_update_global_helper_information`: updates the global helper information in the eBPF store, given a pointer to an array of helper function prototypes:

    ```c
    ebpf_result_t
    ebpf_store_update_global_helper_information(
        _In_reads_(helper_info_count) ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t* helper_info, uint32_t helper_info_count);
    ```

> - `ebpf_store_update_section_information`: updates the section information in eBPF store, given a pointer to an array of section information (i.e., `_ebpf_program_section_info`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ebpf_store_update_section_information`: updates the section information in the eBPF store, given a pointer to an array of section information (i.e., `_ebpf_program_section_info`):
```

Author: updated

    ```c
    ebpf_result_t
    ebpf_store_update_section_information(
        _In_reads_(section_info_count) const ebpf_program_section_info_t* section_info, uint32_t section_info_count);
    ```

> - `ebpf_store_update_program_information`: updates the global helper information in eBPF store, given a pointer to an array of program information (i.e., `_ebpf_program_info`):

Author: can you elaborate pleas?

The parameter and return types for these helper functions must adhere to the `ebpf_argument_type_t` and
`ebpf_return_type_t` enums.

### 2.7 Registering Program Types and Attach Types - eBPF Store
The eBPF Execution Context loads an eBPF program from an ELF file that has program section(s) with section names. The
prefix to these names determines the program type. For example, the section name `"xdp"` implies that the corresponding
program type is `EBPF_PROGRAM_TYPE_XDP`.

> The *Execution Context* discovers the program type associated with a section prefix by reading the data from Windows registry,
> in what is referred to aa the ***"eBPF Store"***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Execution Context* discovers the program type associated with a section prefix by reading the data from the ***"eBPF store"***, which is currently kept in the Windows registry.
```
Reword since it may not be in the registry in the future.

When an eBPF extension is installed, it must update the eBPF store with the program types it implements along with the associated section prefixes.

> To operate on the eBPF store, the extension must link the `\build\native\lib\ebpf_store_helper_km.lib` kernel-mode library and include the related `\build\native\include\ebpf_store_helper.h` header file, both distributed within the [eBPF for Windows NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/eBPF-for-Windows/). With these, the extension can use the following APIs to register program types, attach types and helper functions:

Reviewer: This mentions "build\native" but is that really the correct path when you install the development module in the MSI?

Author: that is actually the path un the nuget... but I agree that just mentioning the relative paths from the root of the actual package would be better, i.e. \lib and \include

> - `ebpf_store_update_helper_prototype`: updates the provider prototype information in the eBPF registry store, given a pointer to the registry key to be initialized and a pointer to the helper function prototype (i.e., `_ebpf_helper_function_prototype`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ebpf_store_update_helper_prototype`: updates the provider prototype information in the eBPF store, given a pointer to the registry key to be initialized and a pointer to the helper function prototype (i.e., `_ebpf_helper_function_prototype`):
```
Also, I'm confused about one part... the point of the "ebpf store" helper is to abstract away whether it's stored in the registry or the filesystem or whatever else.  But "given a pointer to the registry key" does not seem consistent with that.  The "ebpf store" helper API should not mention registry.

    ```c
    ebpf_result_t
    ebpf_store_update_helper_prototype(
        ebpf_registry_key_t helper_info_key, _In_ const ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t* helper_info);

    typedef struct _ebpf_helper_function_prototype
    {
        uint32_t helper_id;
        const char* name;
        ebpf_return_type_t return_type;
        ebpf_argument_type_t arguments[5];

>     } ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t;```c

Reviewer: the "```c" on the end doesn't look right.
But it's probably best to not duplicate header definitions in this file, just give the name and link the name to the definition.  Otherwise if it changes, someone has to remember to update it here too.
